Update images and links (#86)
DynamoDS/DynamoPrimerNew: 1_introduction/2-primer-user-guide-dynamo-community-and-platform.md

* [User Interface](../3_user_interface/)
* [Nodes and Wires](../4_nodes_and_wires/)

> For users who would like to develop a more in-depth understanding of each element such as a specific node and the concept behind it, we cover the fundamentals in its own chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users who would like to develop a more in-depth understanding of each element such as a specific node and the concept behind it, we cover the fundamentals in a dedicated chapter.
```

Author: implemented
